Backstage interview with Yakov Pechersky (#31)
leanprover-community/blog: posts/backstage-with-pechersky.md

---
author: 'Johan Commelin'

> category: 'Announcements'

Author: ```suggestion
category: 'Interviews'
```

people.

JMC: So you are going sentence-by-sentence through this book,
and making sure that everything can be expressed in Lean.

YP: Right, because thinking about pedagogy,
we'd love to have these documents that someone can just click and explore.
But for me, it's also been great to learn about ring theory and field theory and localizations.
It's been great to talk with others in the community to learn more about this.

And then it can lead into rabbit holes like non-commutative ring theory.
Or another example:
the proof that the ring of power series is Noetherian is slightly different from the proof
that polynomial rings are Noetherian.
And we don't have it yet; so maybe that's something I will do.
I've just sort of been exploring these unfinished corners.

With rational functions, I find it particularly interesting, because we have a diamond.
From polynomials, you can go to rational functions, and then to Laurent series.
Or you can go from polynomials to power series, and then to Laurent series.

Anyway, long story short:
I want to take rational functions, and be able to talk about roots, and poles, etc.
And also connect this corner of algebra to analysis,

> to the work that people liky Yury Kudryashov and Patrick Massor have been doing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the work that people like Yury Kudryashov and Patrick Massot have been doing.
```

Reviewer 2: Be careful that Johan fixed only on of those two typos.
